Update fundamentals.md (#21285)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/garbage-collection/fundamentals.md

### Memory release

> The garbage collector's optimizing engine determines the best time to perform a collection based on the allocations being made. When the garbage collector performs a collection, it releases the memory for objects that are no longer being used by the application. It determines which objects are no longer being used by examining the application's *roots*. An application's roots include static fields, local variables and parameters on a thread's stack, and CPU registers. Each root either refers to an object on the managed heap or is set to null. The garbage collector has access to the list of active roots that the just-in-time (JIT) compiler maintains. Using this list, the garbage collector creates a graph that contains all the objects that are reachable from the roots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The garbage collector's optimizing engine determines the best time to perform a collection based on the allocations being made. When the garbage collector performs a collection, it releases the memory for objects that are no longer being used by the application. It determines which objects are no longer being used by examining the application's *roots*. An application's roots include static fields, local variables on a thread's stack, CPU registers, GC handles, and the finalize queue. Each root either refers to an object on the managed heap or is set to null. The garbage collector can ask the rest of the runtime for these roots. Using this list, the garbage collector creates a graph that contains all the objects that are reachable from the roots.
```
